hey guys Paris Christie back again with
another quick free tutorial on
sketchbook pro and this is basically to
solve a problem for all you guys are
having problems with them when you're
doing your line arts and you're not
getting that solid jet-black clean lines
okay and if you go up here to edit and
go down to preferences and then hit the
canvas button I've set this up on
purpose for this tutorial now if you can
see here resolutions at 70 which is
really low really low and that means no
pixels are going in okay no enough
pixels I don't you can hear the thunder
outside it's raining over here anyway
with 1280 by 720 Heights
I cannot remember what the default
canvas size is when you first purchase
an open SketchBook Pro I'm assuming
something like this and if you have this
one if it's already checked that means
the size of the canvas is coordinated to
the size of your screen so I have that
unchecked now let me demonstrate what
this looks like
alright it's really bad so I'm I'm
pressing hard now okay that's like you
know that's as dark as I can get
actually let me show you another one
even for you guys having those
ziggy-zaggy lines if you had that ugly
out that if you had that kind of effect
when you're drawing for some reason it's
like going all Jaggi and Ziggy zaggy and
stuff it's because of the size of your
canvas and the resolution let me just
quickly add a sketcher
let me demonstrate by sketching an
eyeball okay I'm pressing really hard to
get the eyeball and the pupil here and
it's at the middle part here I'm really
pressing hard to get a black area and I
even going to shade it in okay it's
basic eye crappy eye anyway we add some
eyelids and bottom area as well all
right so I'll even add some colors or
why not because I like to add color all
right now I'll flatten that so
if you look here and I buy zoom in look
how blurry and pixelated that is this
you see me zoom into my work and really
work on my line art right well the
reason you can't do it here is cause of
the canvas size too small and the
resolution is very low okay so if you
were to finish a piece and go and print
it you cannot really do much with it so
yeah let's fix that okay so go up to
edit and preferences hit the canvas
again now boost this 70 part here the
resolution boost that baby to 300 boom
and you want to copy my canvas size my
width is 4000 pixels which is quite
large by two to four four now that's the
minimum size I go for and this is a
rectangular shape type canvas if you
want to go more towards a square we got
to just raise the height up to wors the
4000 mark but yeah try this out if you
like it cool make sure this is unpicked
okay they use width and height of the
window make sure that's unchecked hit OK
now for this to work you need to start a
new document so file new now I don't
want to save nothing now watch this guys
let me get a black color so you can see
it
I just little circle with no pressure at
all okay I didn't put any pressure down
the tools so gently done now watch this
if i zoom out watch this watch this
watch just took it out look at that look
at that that's how big this canvas is
yeah so that means I could zoom in so
far and start working on my line on OK
the previous one I could just about zoom
in and see the thing so you know that's
how it works now let me give you another
quick tip let me quickly go again file
new just so you come back to that bit
here again okay right now we're zoomed
into the top right corner of this canvas
okay to get like the full screen so that
let me show you guys this little guy
here hold it down and drag up to the
right here which says fit to view it's
ctrl + 0 and if you're on a Mac I think
it's command + 0 hit that boom and all
fit the whole canvas to the screen ok I
already have that shortcut set on one of
my buttons on my tablet so I have to go
down here all the time
but yeah that's how it works and now
check this out me my pencil bit bigger
as well because it's a bigger canvas jet
black
okay jet black and I'm not even putting
any pressure down guys honestly is is
that that's how strong it is okay so uh
yep thank you for watching I hope I
solved your problem thanks for watching
see you all soon on the next video bye
bye from me
you